                       Monthly Check in
Recently I've been really busy, so I've decided to make this file to say what the current plans are
     Check-in 1 (3-7-25)
I haven't really been focused on the mod because of my confusion with blender and overall inexperience 
with animation and rigging. I still plan to fully add animation but not anytime soon. Right now I'm looking 
into making a horror Minecraft mod that may or may not be made. Overall, I have just been putting off the 
animations but I will get to it eventually. Also the video has the raw footage sorted but the script and
over plan for it is still in the works. Hopefully I will have and update for Herbert soon and hopefully 
Lethal Company will give us a good update soon :)
    Check-in 2 (4-26-25)
I still am not focused on this mod that much, but i plan to work on it in the summer. School got busier 
somehow so I haven't done anything really. I still plan to rig Herbert and I think that will happen before
the video is made and I will edit it into the video. I don't think that the minecraft mod will be made but I'm 
hoping to mod for repo a bit when i get time. Sorry for not working on the mod :P
  Check-in 3
Well, its been 8 months since i last was on here. It's insane that I've put it off this long but 
I'm finally back on that grind for about two weeks. For september and october I worked on A roblox game with a 
friend but school has started to kick my ass. Over the summer we did very little productive things except play 
nightreign and elden ring. I did make some videos but honestly it was only like 3 so I need to make some more
because I have 1.5 terabytes of video files. My goal for this break is to finished my comunity service editing, 
make an elden ring video, make an nightreign video, and finally start on the pilgrim video(over a year old).
I might come back to this mod since Zeekers said he's going to start updating again but I might move this mod
Into over horror games and refine the model. Honestly this year has been fun and I hope to be more productive :]
